README.md, before:

# DiscordConsole ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue.svg?style=flat-square) [![Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Support%20guild-6C88EE.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/xvQV8bT)

> DiscordConsole is a software aiming to give you full control over accounts, bots and webhooks!

### Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)

### Install

To get started, simply [download the console from releases](https://github.com/LEGOlord208/DiscordConsole/releases).

Or compile it yourself: `go get github.com/legolord208/DiscordConsole`, you'll also need the DiscordGo development version; to get that type `make dgo`. Then, actually make the switch to develop: `git checkout develop`. Finally, just type `go install`.

### Usage

It is recommended to run DiscordConsole in a Terminal. To do that, just `cd` to the folder you extracted it and run it by typing `DiscordConsole`. There are a few launch options covered in the wiki. *Soon™*

When starting the DiscordConsole from Windows, you might get a screen saying that Windows SmartScreen prevented an unrecognized app from starting. Just click the **More Info** then **Run anyway**.

Once started, you'll get asked to fill in your token. If you don't know how to get it, check this wiki page. *Soon™*
For the first setup, we will use an user account. Setups with bot accounts and webhook are explained on the wiki as well. *Soon™*

Once you got your token, just type `user TOKEN` in the terminal. You'll get the following screen:
![Picture](https://i.imgur.com/KPCVmlH.png)

Try to type something like `help` and let the magic happens! For a detail review of each commands, check this wiki page *Soon™* or type `help command`.

### Credits

DiscordConsole written by [LEGOlord208](https://github.com/LEGOlord208), with documentation improvments by [Parallaχ](https://github.com/Doyouwanttomakeacake).

### Contribute

Feels free to submit a Pull Request! Not a coder, but want to be involved in the project? Send us some suggestions through isssues.

### License

GNU G.P.L. © LEGOlord208 - [Click here for more information.](https://github.com/LEGOlord208/DiscordConsole/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Mention of the launcher
sexy uh

README.md, after:

# DiscordConsole ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue.svg?style=flat-square) [![Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Support%20guild-6C88EE.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/xvQV8bT)

> DiscordConsole is a software aiming to give you full control over accounts, bots and webhooks!

### Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)

### Install

To get started, simply [download the console from releases](https://github.com/LEGOlord208/DiscordConsole/releases).

Or compile it yourself: `go get github.com/legolord208/DiscordConsole`, you'll also need the DiscordGo development version; to get that type `make dgo`. Then, actually make the switch to develop: `git checkout develop`. Finally, just type `go install`.

### Usage

It is recommended to run DiscordConsole in a Terminal. To do that, just `cd` to the folder you extracted it and run it by typing `DiscordConsole`. There are a few launch options covered in the wiki. *Soon™*

When starting the DiscordConsole from Windows, you might get a screen saying that Windows SmartScreen prevented an unrecognized app from starting. Just click the **More Info** then **Run anyway**.

Once started, you'll get asked to fill in your token. If you don't know how to get it, check this wiki page. *Soon™*
For the first setup, we will use an user account. Setups with bot accounts and webhook are explained on the wiki as well. *Soon™*

Once you got your token, just type `user TOKEN` in the terminal. You'll get the following screen:
![Picture](https://i.imgur.com/KPCVmlH.png)

Try to type something like `help` and let the magic happens! For a detail review of each commands, check this wiki page *Soon™* or type `help command`.

**Don't want to go through all of this? Check our [Beta Launcher](https://github.com/legolord208/DConsoleLauncher)!**

### Credits

DiscordConsole written by [LEGOlord208](https://github.com/LEGOlord208), with documentation improvments by [Parallaχ](https://github.com/Doyouwanttomakeacake).

### Contribute

Feels free to submit a Pull Request! Not a coder, but want to be involved in the project? Send us some suggestions through isssues.

### License

GNU G.P.L. © LEGOlord208 - [Click here for more information.](https://github.com/LEGOlord208/DiscordConsole/blob/master/LICENSE)
